Adds instructions to readme about JMXFetch and clarifies detailed dev docs (#20514)
DataDog/datadog-agent: README.md

The file `bin/agent/dist/datadog.yaml` is copied from `dev/dist/datadog.yaml` by `invoke agent.build` and must contain a valid api key.

> ### Running a JMX check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run a JMX check
```

In order to run a JMX based check locally, you must have:

> 1) A copy of a JMXFetch `jar` copied to `dev/dist/jmx/jmxfetch.jar`
> 2) `java` available on your `$PATH`
> 
> For detailed instructions, check [here](./docs/dev/checks/jmxfetch.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. A copy of a JMXFetch `jar` copied to `dev/dist/jmx/jmxfetch.jar`
2. `java` available on your `$PATH`

For detailed instructions, see [JMX checks](./docs/dev/checks/jmxfetch.md)
```
